docs(analysis): add missing explanation about failureLimit (#1674)
argoproj/argo-rollouts: docs/features/analysis.md

          value: preview-svc.default.svc.cluster.local
```

> ## Failure Conditions and Failure Limit

Reviewer: **Minor:** This could also be shortened as `## Failure Conditions/Limits`

`failureCondition` can be used to cause an analysis run to fail.
`failureLimit` is the maximum number of failed run an analysis is allowed.

> The following example continually polls a prometheus server to get the total number of errors(i.e., HTTP response code >= 500) every 5 minutes, causing the measurment to fail if 10 or more errors were encountered.
> The entire analysis run is considered Failed after 3 failed measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example continually polls the defined Prometheus server to get the total number of errors(i.e., HTTP response code >= 500) every 5 minutes, causing the measurement to fail if ten or more errors are encountered.
The entire analysis run is considered as Failed after three failed measurements.
```
